One-Lin3r - Gives you one-liners that aids in penetration testing operations
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/--IE-5DJdM8/one-lin3r-gives-you-one-liners-that.html
https://github.com/D4Vinci/One-Lin3r

GTScan - The Nmap Scanner for Telco
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/4xA__JuUvL4/gtscan-nmap-scanner-for-telco.html
https://github.com/SigPloiter/GTScan

RFCrack - A Software Defined Radio Attack Tool
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/D3aSIFtVLaM/rfcrack-software-defined-radio-attack.html
https://github.com/cclabsInc/RFCrack

DNSExfiltrator - Data exfiltration over DNS request covert channel
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/X3ZB4UZggFQ/dnsexfiltrator-data-exfiltration-over.html
https://github.com/Arno0x/DNSExfiltrator

sdrtrunk - Tool For Decoding, Monitoring, Recording And Streaming Trunked Mobile And Related Radio Protocols Using Software Defined Radios (SDR)
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/W-QxL3AQUNg/sdrtrunk-tool-for-decoding-monitoring.html
https://github.com/DSheirer/sdrtrunk

cSploit Android - The most complete and advanced IT security professional toolkit on Android
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/Jb2MP6ID8IM/csploit-android-most-complete-and.html
https://github.com/cSploit/android

ACE - Automated, Collection, and Enrichment Platform
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/7E_yHu8DqdA/ace-automated-collection-and-enrichment.html
https://github.com/Invoke-IR/ACE

Salamandra - Spy Microphone Detection Tool
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/bGOcBwlkKIc/salamandra-spy-microphone-detection-tool.html
https://github.com/eldraco/Salamandra

OnionHarvester - A small TOR Onion Address harvester for checking if the address is available or not
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/rWQjzJD-nq4/onionharvester-small-tor-onion-address.html
https://github.com/mirsamantajbakhsh/OnionHarvester

Vegile - Tool for Post exploitation Techniques in Linux
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/kU28xhvHn_4/vegile-tool-for-post-exploitation.html
https://github.com/Screetsec/Vegile

SNMPwn - An SNMPv3 User Enumerator and Attack tool
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/uT7Gda89eYs/snmpwn-snmpv3-user-enumerator-and.html
https://github.com/hatlord/snmpwn

Anubis - Subdomain Enumeration And Information Gathering Tool
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/WyC9SKcyKVs/anubis-subdomain-enumeration-and.html
https://github.com/jonluca/Anubis

Wapiti 3.0.0 - The Web-Application Vulnerability Scanner
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/vKJRPx9xvts/wapiti-300-web-application.html
https://sourceforge.net/projects/wapiti/files/

Spectre-Meltdown-Checker - Spectre & Meltdown Vulnerability/Mitigation Checker For Linux
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/c2Tt79JAw2c/spectre-meltdown-checker-spectre.html
https://github.com/speed47/spectre-meltdown-checker

Meltdown Exploit PoC
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/pO1G-_uWCk8/meltdown-exploit-poc.html
https://github.com/paboldin/meltdown-exploit

In-Spectre-Meltdown - Tool to identify Meltdown & Spectre Vulnerabilities in processors
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/KYD5mbP6GPQ/in-spectre-meltdown-tool-to-identify.html
https://github.com/Viralmaniar/In-Spectre-Meltdown

fuxploider - File Upload Vulnerability Scanner And Exploitation Tool
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/bnji-qfLIeo/fuxploider-file-upload-vulnerability.html
https://github.com/almandin/fuxploider

shimit - A tool that implements the Golden SAML attack
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/sQT5SBaD7_8/shimit-tool-that-implements-golden-saml.html
https://github.com/cyberark/shimit

RetDec - A Retargetable Machine-Code Decompiler
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/b9QbsygfQng/retdec-retargetable-machine-code.html
https://github.com/avast-tl/retdec

Reposcanner - Python Script To Scan Git Repos For Interesting Strings
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/mJInF5G7eDU/reposcanner-python-script-to-scan-git.html
https://github.com/Dionach/reposcanner

Decodify -  Detect And Decode Encoded Strings Recursively
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/40p6XyM199U/decodify-detect-and-decode-encoded.html
https://github.com/UltimateHackers/Decodify

CMSsc4n v2.0 - Tool to identify if a domain is a CMS such as Wordpress, Moodle, Joomla, Drupal or Prestashop
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/bhO894XC4iY/cmssc4n-v20-tool-to-identify-if-domain.html
https://github.com/n4xh4ck5/CMSsc4n

ADRecon - Tool Which Gathers Information About The Active Directory
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/05ZxK7dLIbM/adrecon-tool-which-gathers-information.html
https://github.com/sense-of-security/ADRecon

LaZagne v2.3 - Credentials Recovery Project
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/lC0aohgof5Q/lazagne-v23-credentials-recovery-project.html
https://github.com/AlessandroZ/LaZagne

WordPress Exploit Framework v1.8 - A Ruby Framework For Developing And Using Modules Which Aid In The Penetration Testing Of Wordpress 
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/UDmZDW8z4cA/wordpress-exploit-framework-v18-ruby.html
https://github.com/rastating/wordpress-exploit-framework

Cloak - Backdoor In Any Python Script With Some Tricks
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/YAZEyqN8bdk/cloak-backdoor-in-any-python-script.html
https://github.com/UltimateHackers/Cloak

RedLogin - SSH Brute-force Tools
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/C63Nqf1MDWM/redlogin-ssh-brute-force-tools.html
https://github.com/ParsingTeam/RedLogin/

Lynis 2.5.8 - Security Auditing Tool for Unix/Linux Systems
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/RR9CTVmCR7k/lynis-258-security-auditing-tool-for.html
https://cisofy.com/download/lynis/

BlueMaho v090417 - Bluetooth Security Testing Suite
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/GBcBdbMzuMU/bluemaho-v090417-bluetooth-security.html
https://wiki.thc.org/BlueMaho

Merlin - A cross-platform post-exploitation HTTP/2 Command & Control server and agent
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/haxPypLrCLM/merlin-cross-platform-post-exploitation.html
https://github.com/Ne0nd0g/merlin

PiKarma - Detects Wireless Network Attacks
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/e7yip02dY80/pikarma-detects-wireless-network-attacks.html
https://github.com/WiPi-Hunter/PiKarma

Relayer - SMB Relay Attack Script
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/6R_8r5mggE0/relayer-smb-relay-attack-script.html
https://github.com/Jsitech/relayer

Username Anarchy - Username Tools For Penetration Testing
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/vlKEA72Y_4g/username-anarchy-username-tools-for.html
https://github.com/urbanadventurer/username-anarchy

BruteSpray v1.6.0 - Brute-Forcing from Nmap output (Automatically attempts default creds on found services)
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/NxtruT485qo/brutespray-v160-brute-forcing-from-nmap.html
https://github.com/x90skysn3k/brutespray

GOSINT - Open Source Threat Intelligence Gathering and Processing Framework
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/GNlsbcgl-8k/gosint-open-source-threat-intelligence.html
https://github.com/ciscocsirt/GOSINT

BtleJuice Framework - Bluetooth Smart (LE) Man-in-the-Middle Framework
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/T1lohfAig2Y/btlejuice-framework-bluetooth-smart-le.html
https://github.com/DigitalSecurity/btlejuice

Bluepot - Bluetooth Honeypot
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/zJJUUKr1v-I/bluepot-bluetooth-honeypot.html
https://github.com/andrewmichaelsmith/bluepot/

Invoke-PSImage - Embeds a PowerShell script in the pixels of a PNG file and generates a oneliner to execute
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/qfdYObpJcWg/invoke-psimage-embeds-powershell-script.html
https://github.com/peewpw/Invoke-PSImage

dnscrypt-autoinstall - Automatic installation and configuration of DNSCrypt
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/s39g7mJJigQ/dnscrypt-autoinstall-automatic.html
https://github.com/simonclausen/dnscrypt-autoinstall

ReverShellGenerator - A Tool to Generate Various Ways to Do a Reverse Shell
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/IblCvTAnWJU/revershellgenerator-tool-to-generate.html
https://github.com/mthbernardes/rsg

XAttacker - Website Vulnerability Scanner & Auto Exploiter
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/qNIGM8t1V8U/xattacker-website-vulnerability-scanner.html
https://github.com/Moham3dRiahi/XAttacker

GhostInTheNet - Ultimate Network Stealther that makes Linux a Ghost In The Net and protects from MITM/DOS/scan
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/4APvBkUawlg/ghostinthenet-ultimate-network.html
https://github.com/cryptolok/GhostInTheNet

NoSQL Exploitation Framework 2.0 - A Framework For NoSQL Scanning and Exploitation
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/PRzqOxiTC7M/nosql-exploitation-framework-20.html
https://github.com/torque59/Nosql-Exploitation-Framework

WhatWaf - Detect And Bypass Web Application Firewalls And Protection Systems
http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/PentestTools/~3/7Vb5kXemCzk/whatwaf-detect-and-bypass-web.html
https://github.com/Ekultek/WhatWaf
